can not prefix with ``this.`` (#11495)
ethereum/solidity: docs/introduction-to-smart-contracts.rst

functions ``set`` and ``get`` that can be used to modify
or retrieve the value of the variable.

To access a state variable, you can not prefix with ``this.`` as is common in

> other languages.

Reviewer: How about this?
```markdown
State variables can be accessed without the ``this.`` prefix.
Note that, unlike in some other languages, omitting it is not just a matter of style.
Accessing a variable through a contract instance results in an external call,
which is more expensive and also cannot be used to modify it.
```

Author: I like the first half as it says the usage of `this` is unlike other languages and omitting it is not just a matter of style. The second half is too esoteric.

How about this?
```
State variables can be accessed without the ``this.`` prefix.
Note that, unlike in some other languages, omitting it is not just a matter of style.
You can actually use `this` but only for public variables (for external you need `this`). 
For internal, you can't use `this`.
```

Reviewer: Well, if you think that going into details in unnecessary then we could just change it to this:
```rst
To access a state variable, you do not typically add the ``this.`` prefix.
Unlike in some other languages, omitting it is not just a matter of style,
it results in a completely different operation.
```

But if you want it to say why, here's another version:
```rst
To access a state variable, you do not typically add the ``this.`` prefix.
Unlike in some other languages, omitting it is not just a matter of style.
Using ``this`` you can only access its :ref:`getter function <getter-functions>`
that is only provided for public state variables.
```

Note that `` :ref:`getter function <getter-functions>` `` is RST syntax for a link to [Contracts > Getter Functions](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/contracts.html#getter-functions).

Author: ```... it results in a completely different operation. ``` is good for me!

Reviewer: So could you change the PR to contain version of your choice?

functions ``set`` and ``get`` that can be used to modify
or retrieve the value of the variable.

> To access a state variable, you do not typically add the ``this.`` prefix.
> Unlike in some other languages, omitting it is not just a matter of style,
> it results in a completely different operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To access a member (like a state variable) of the current contract, you do not typically add the ``this.`` prefix,
you just access it directly via its name.
Unlike in some other languages, omitting it is not just a matter of style,
it results in a completely different way to access the member, but more on this later.
```

Reviewer 2: Not sure if this is better...

Reviewer 2: Sorry that this discussion is dragging on for so long, but the early chapters in the documentation are often the most difficult ones.

Reviewer: I think it's fine too but let's see what is @gqqnbig's opinion.
